What was your own fabulously wonderful act of kindness? Who did you do this act of kindness for? How did it make you feel?
Which charity did you choose? Why did you choose this one? What are they doing to make the world a better place?
How did this make the new family feel? Did you learn anything interesting about the family? Where did they move from? How old are the kids? How did it make you feel to give this basket to the new family?
Were you home when your letter carrier received this picture? Did he say anything to you about it? If you didn`t see him the day that he received this picture, you might have to wait until the next time you see him to hear how the picture made him feel.
How many kids were playing at the park today? How many of them did you already know? Did you invite any kids to play who you did not know? If so, how did it make those new friends feel to be included?
Did you walk to the bookstore? Did you meet any neighbours or friends on the walk? What book did you buy from the bookstore? Who did you buy it for?
What did she say when you gave her your card? How do you think it made her feel to receive a thank you from you?
Who did you bring a dinner to? Why did you select this family? What is going on in their life right now? How did they react to the dinner delivery? How did it make you feel to give them this gift?
What was the cashier`s name? How did he react when you said his name? Did he ask you what your name was? How did it make you feel to learn and use his name?
What was your favourite book that you read at the library? Which books did you take out of the library? Did you see any friends at the library?
Which neighbours did you do this for? Can you think of any reason why their life is especially busy right now? How do you think they felt when they discovered that their bins were brought up to their house?
How did the new friend react when you asked her to play with you? What did you play together? How did it make you feel to include this new friend?
What did you do at the story time? What was your favourite part? What was the best thing about the new friend you met? How did it make you feel to make this new friend?
How did it make you feel to know that you donated money to such an important cause?
Who did you deliver the artwork to? Why did you choose him? Did he let you know that he received it? How do you think it made him feel to get this beautiful surprise in his mailbox?
Which event did you attend? What was your favourite part? Did you meet a new friend? Did you see other friends from the neighbourhood there?
Who did you pet-sit for? What type of pet was it? What was the pet`s name? What did you learn about taking care of this type of pet? What was your favourite part of this job?
Did you deliver this thank you card in person? How did the firefighters react? If you mailed the card, and didn`t get to see their reaction upon receiving it, how do you think they felt when they opened this card? How did it make you feel to create this thank you card?
Who did you have over for a play date? What was the best part of the play date? How did the parents react to this play date offer?
How did it make you feel to know that your donation would provide a family in your community with some healthy, delicious food? How do you think the family receiving the food feels to know that other people in their community are helping them out?
Which dog did you walk? Why did you choose this family? How did the family react when you offered to help them out? How did it make you feel to do this act of kindness?
How did your neighbour react when you gave them the mail? Had you met this neighbour before? If not, how did it feel to make a new friend in the neighbourhood?
Who did you drop the baked goods off to? Why did you choose this family? How did it make you feel when you delivered this surprise to them? How did the family react to this treat?
How many kids were playing at the park today? Did you invite everyone to join in on the bubble fun? Did you have a super fun time? Did the other kids have loads of fun too?
Where were you walking when you noticed that a parking meter was about to expire? Who were you with? How do you think the driver would feel if he knew that you did this for him?
How many friends were playing paper airplanes with you? Did you ask some kids who you didn`t know very well to join in on the fun? Who was the best paper airplane maker? What was your favourite part of the activity?
Which family did you do this for? Why did you choose them? How did they react when you delivered their groceries to them? How did it make you feel to help them out?
How many friends participated in your obstacle course? Did you ask some kids who you didn`t know very well to join in on the fun? How did the kids react when they received the ribbons?
How did it make you feel to help clean up your neighbourhood? Did it make you feel proud to do this important work?
Which neighbour did you greet by name today? Do you think it made her feel happy to hear you use her name? Did you stop to chat with her? Did you learn anything interesting from your conversation?
What did you draw on your thank you card? How did it make you feel to create this card? Did you deliver it in person? If so, how did the police officers react to receiving it?
Were there other families at the park when you were cleaning up? Did they want to help out? Were they happy that you were doing this important job? How did it make you feel to know that you were making your park nicer for all your friends and neighbours?
How many kids joined in with you for the sidewalk chalk fun? Did you make sure to get everyone involved, even the kids you didn`t know? Did all the kids have a great time with the chalk? How did it make you feel to share your chalk with everyone?
Which family did you select to pass the clothes on to? Were they excited to receive the clothes? How did it make you feel to give them this gift?
Was there already a community information page, or did your family create one? Have you learned about fun things going on in the community through this? Do you feel the page has brought members of your community together?
Which family did you do this for? How did they react when you offered to do this important job for them? Did it make you feel happy to know that you were helping your neighbours?
What bake sale did you donate to? What were they raising money for? How did they react when you donated your baked goods? How did it make you feel to be part of the bake sale?
Were there other families at the park when you brought the cardboard box to play with? Were the kids super excited to play with the cardboard box? Did they all take turns decorating it? How did it make you feel to bring all this fun to your friends?
What picture did you draw on your Kindness Card? How did it make you feel to create this wonderful card? How do you think it made the Waste Collection Operator feel to receive it?
What toys did you share with the other kids at the park? Was everyone happy to be included in the fun? How did it make you feel to be organizing this activity for all the kids?
Who did you send a postcard to? Where was the postcard from? How did your friend feel when he received the postcard in the mail?
Who did you prepare this bag for? What were some of the things you put in it? How did they react when you gave it to them? How did it make you feel to know that you were making their trip more fun?
What picture did you draw for this? How did the person react when you gave them this drawing? How did it make you feel to know that you were giving someone a surprise moment of happiness in their day?
Which neighbours did you do this for? How did they react when you offered to do this important job? How did it make you feel to know that you were helping them out?
How did all your friends feel when making their beautiful artwork? How did it make you feel to organize this fun activity for your friends?
Where did you walk to? Who did you see while you were out? What did you learn about your neighbourhood that you didn`t know before? What was your favourite part about this walk?
How did the person react when you held the door open for him? How did it make you feel to do something nice for someone you didn`t know?
Did you learn the names of the people working at the movie store? Did you see any friends or neighbours while you were out doing this activity?
Where were you when you found some dog poo to pick up? How did it make you feel to help clean up your neighbourhood?
What did you learn about food from the farmers` market that you did not know before? Who did you make a special farm fresh basket for? How did she react when you gave it to her? How did it make you feel to give her a special surprise gift?
Who did you write a letter to? How do you think he reacted when he received the letter? How did it make you feel to write this letter?
How did your server react when you gave him the drawing? How did it make you feel to give this drawing to him?