This is where you get to add your own amazing act of kindness. We wanted to put this one right at the front of the book as it will be the most important act of kindness you complete since it will be one that comes from your heart. You can do this one first, you can do this one after you complete a number of the acts of kindness and get an idea of how this works, or you can save the best for last and have this be the 52nd act of kindness you complete. Whatever you do, we know that it will be spectacular!
Select one charity to raise money for throughout the year. Start a donation jar for this charity. Take turns keeping some money for yourself and putting some in the charity donation jar. Whichever charity you pick, remind your adults to make lots of opportunities throughout the year to talk about it. Get them to explain what the organization is doing to make the world a better place.
Make a "Welcome to the Neighbourhood" basket for a family who has just moved in. Include some cookies or muffins. Make a list of fun things to do in the neighbourhood - you could include your favourite ice cream store, movie store, the library, your favourite parks, etc. You could also include a hand drawn map. Deliver the basket to the new family`s home. Bring your whole family to deliver the basket to your new neighbours - this way everyone can be introduced.
On a cold or rainy bad weather day, draw a sunny Kindness Card for your letter carrier. You can tape this to your mailbox, or put it inside, but sticking out so it is visible. You could write something like … "Dear Letter Carrier, thanks for delivering our mail." This will make your letter carrier`s bad weather day a bit brighter.
Bring some hula hoops to the park and share them with all the kids playing there.
If you are lucky enough to have a bookstore in your neighbourhood, you should go and visit it often. Ask your adults to go there to buy birthday presents for your friends.
Make a Kindness Card for your doctor, optometrist or dentist and deliver it when you go for your annual check up. You could write her name and then write something like … "Thank you for taking such good care of me." I bet she will put this card up in her office.
Ask your adults to help you bring a dinner to a neighbourhood family who is going through a bit of a tough time – maybe someone in their family is suffering from an illness or recovering from an injury. If this is the case, then they are most likely full of worry and having a nice meal already prepared will give them one less thing to worry about. You could make them a casserole or a stir fry – or you could purchase a frozen lasagna at the grocery store. This will make one of their evenings a lot easier.
At the grocery store, ask your adult to read the cashier`s name tag and try to use his name at least once while he rings your order through. You can always use his name when  you say thank you at the end. If you are not sure how to pronounce his name, you can always ask. It makes people feel important when they are addressed by name. And they nearly always react with joy when a child says their name.
Ask your adults to take you to get a library card. Spending time at the library with your adults will remind you all how much joy reading can bring.
After garbage day, if you notice that your neighbours have not yet brought their empty garbage and recycling bins back up to their house, ask your adults to help you do this for them. Maybe they had a really busy day at work and were too tired to bring them in. Or maybe one of their children is sick and needed a lot of their attention.
Next time you are at the park playing, look for a child who is playing alone and ask her if she would like to play with you and your friends. Everyone loves to be asked to join in. Try to ask your new friend her name.
Ask your adults to take you to a children`s story time event at your local library. Try to learn the name of one new friend you meet there.
Put some money in the "Guide Dog for the Blind" dog on your way out of the grocery store. Ask your adults to explain to you what this money will be used for. If your grocery store does not have one of these donation boxes, you could suggest installing one.
Deliver some of your school work or art work to a neighbour. You could write a nice note on the page somewhere, saying "Hope you have a great day!" and make sure that your name is on it. If it is a neighbour that you don`t know that well, you can write your name and address, so they are sure to know who it is from.
Support your community association by attending at least one of their annual events. Ask your adults to check out their website, but normally there will be events like a breakfast with Santa, a summer picnic, or a movie night in the park.
Ask your adults to help you offer to take care of a neighbour`s pet while they are away. This is especially fun and educational if you don`t have the type of pet that you are pet-sitting for. You will learn so much about the work involved in taking care of different types of pets, as well as the love a pet can give and the joy that they can bring to your life.
Make a Kindness Card for the firefighters at your local fire station. You could write something like "Dear Firefighters, thank you for all your hard work." You could deliver this to the firefighters in person – and you might even get to see the fire trucks, or you can mail it to the fire station.
Ask your adults to offer to have a neighbour`s children over for a play date. It would be especially nice if you asked some neighbours who you know don`t have extended family in town. This will allow the parents to have some (most likely quite rare) peace and quiet.
Buy an extra can or box of non-perishable food on your grocery shopping trip and put it in the collection box for your local food bank.  Ask your adults to explain to you what the food bank does for your community.  If your grocery store does not have a collection box for the local food bank, you could suggest setting one up.
Ask your adults to help you offer to walk your neighbour`s dog if you know that they are going through a bit of a tough time – maybe they just had a new baby, or are dealing with an illness in their family. This would be especially helpful if it was during a time when there was some bad weather.
If you find mail in your mailbox that is addressed to another neighbour and was delivered to you by mistake, get your adults to help you walk it over to the correct address in person and use it as an excuse to introduce yourself if you have not met them before.
Bake some muffins or cookies and drop them off to a neighbourhood family who has just had a new baby. A new baby in the house takes up a lot of the parents` time. Having a nice plate of treats to snack on will make the days seem a bit easier. If you do not feel up to baking, you could always buy muffins or cookies and drop them off.
Bring bubbles to the park and share them with all your friends playing there. Try to learn the name of one new friend.
If you are walking past some parking meters, and you notice that one is about to expire, ask your adults to help you put a bit more change in so that the driver has some more time.  If you had some change in your pocket, you could use your own money for this. They may never know that you did this, but their day will definitely be better if they don`t get a parking ticket.
Bring some paper to the park – it would be great if this paper was already used – and make some paper airplanes to share with all your friends playing there. Try to learn the name of one new friend.
Ask your adults to help you do a grocery shop for a neighbourhood family who is going through a bit of a tough time – maybe they are suffering from an illness, or recovering from an injury. They can email your adults their grocery list, and your adults can put it through as a separate order – this way you can give them their own receipt. It would also be nice if you purchased a surprise dessert for them – maybe your favourite type of cookies – and included this with their order when you deliver it.
Ask your adults to help you organize an obstacle course at your local park. Bring hula hoops, balls, a tricycle, a tunnel, a mini trampoline, a bat for spinning around until you are dizzy. Get the kids to kick a ball, do a somersault or cartwheel, throw a Frisbee, etc. Bring some track and field type ribbons to hand out to each kid in an award ceremony at the end. If you can`t find ribbons to purchase, you can ask your adults to get a roll of wider ribbon, cut out a rectangle for each child that will be playing with you and write something like "Way to Go!" or "Great Job!". Everyone loves to win a ribbon.
Pick up a piece of garbage on your walk. Throw it away when you pass a garbage can, or even better, bring it home to recycle it. If everyone picked up one piece of garbage when they were out walking, I bet our streets and parks would be garbage free.
Make a point of saying "Hello" to a neighbour when you are out walking – make sure you use their name. Everyone loves to be greeted by name, it makes them feel important.
Make a Kindness Card for the police officers at your local police station. You could write something like "Dear Police Officers, thank you for all your hard work." You could deliver this in person, or mail it to the police station.
Pick a day to go out and clean up your neighbourhood park or school play ground. Bring rubber gloves for you and your adults to use when picking up garbage. You could bring some extra gloves in case there are friends at the park who want to help out.  If you are too young to pick up the garbage, you could be in charge of finding the garbage and pointing out where it is. Make sure to bring your own garbage bags to fill.
Bring a whole box of sidewalk chalk to the park and share it with all the kids playing there. Try to learn the name of one new friend.
Find a family in the neighbourhood who would appreciate receiving the clothes that you have outgrown. This works best if the child is 1 or 2 years younger than you. You can send a box over every time you have filled it with clothes that are too small. It is great to see clothes get passed through a community.
Ask your adults to join your community`s information sharing / social media page. If there isn`t one for your community, ask your adults to start one. And make sure you invite other friends and neighbours to join the page.Through this page, you can share fun events that are going on in the neighbourhood, and encourage neighbours and friends to attend these events.
Ask your adults to help you offer to take out and bring in your neighbour`s garbage while they are away. This is something that kids your age are really good at helping with.
Donate some baked goods to a bake sale going on in your neighbourhood. You can ask your adults to help you bake some cookies or muffins. Or, if you are not up for baking, you could pick out something at the grocery store and donate it to the bake sale. They might even need some extra help working at the bake sale and this can be a very fun job.
If any of your adults make a purchase that results in a large cardboard box (like a refrigerator or a stove), and it is during nice weather, cut out a door and some windows and bring it to the park. Also bring some crayons and markers to share with all the kids playing there. If you do not get a large cardboard box during nice weather, and your adults don`t mind doing a bit more legwork, you can ask them to call some appliance stores or moving companies and see if they could pick up a used box.
Make a Kindness Card for the Waste Collection Operator who collects your garbage each week. You can tape it to the outside of your garbage bin. You could write something like ... "Dear Waste Collection Operator, thanks for doing a great job." This will make their day a bit brighter.
Bring a bag of outdoor toys to the park with you to share with all the kids playing there. You could bring some sand toys, or balls, or a Frisbee. Try to learn the name of one new friend.
Send a postcard to a friend in your neighbourhood. This can be a postcard that you send from a far away place you went to on vacation, a postcard from another town nearby where you are visiting friends or family, or even a postcard from the city you live in. It is so much fun to receive any postcard in the mail.
Prepare a travel bag for neighbours who are going on an airplane trip or long car ride. You can look through your toys and books and find some little things that you don`t mind passing on. For example, you could pass along some stickers or colouring books to help pass the time on their travels. Or you could purchase some small items. This will help make the trip seem shorter because your friends will have some new things to play with.
Make a drawing that says "Have a Wonderful Day" and give it to a random person who you pass while you are out walking. Try to choose someone who looks like they could really use something to cheer them up.
Get your adults to help you offer to collect your neighbour`s mail and newspapers when they are away. This is a job that kids your age are really good at and love to do.
Ask your adults to help you organize a painting day in your backyard for a few neighbourhood families. Dollar stores normally have beautiful canvasses and affordable paint. Set up some easels or put plastic table cloths down on the grass or a picnic table. Get your friends to name their paintings upon completion. Have your adults write the title, the child`s name, and the date on the back of the canvas.
Find an errand that your adults would normally drive to, but that you could walk to. On a nice, sunny day, make a point of walking there. You will see a lot of neighbours – make sure you say a lot of "Hellos". Leave plenty of time so that you can go at a slow pace, stop to investigate things, ask questions and learn more about your neighbourhood.
Hold the door open for someone – your adults might have to help you with this if it is too heavy. Or if there is a wheelchair accessible button, then you can press the button and have the door open on its own.
If you are lucky enough to still have a movie rental store in your neighbourhood, ask your adults to get a membership there.  A great Saturday morning activity is walking or biking to the store to rent a movie. Make sure to say a lot of "Hellos" to neighbours while you are traveling through the neighbourhood.
If you are a dog owner, get your adults to carry an extra bag to pick up dog poo that you find while you are out playing or walking. Or, even better, pick some up from a school yard. This is a great way to "pay it forward", as I`m sure that there will be some time in your dog`s life that your adults either didn`t notice that your dog went poo, or you were caught without a bag.
Ask your adults to take you to a local farmers` market. Talk to some of the vendors about where and how the food was grown. Purchase a few farm fresh items for your family, and a few extra items to create a farm fresh basket to give to a neighbour on your way home. If your adults are feeling very adventurous, you could go visit a farm to get the fresh produce and learn more about where your food comes from.
Ask your adults to help you write a letter to deliver to a neighbour. Write about all the fun things you have done in the last few weeks. You could include a special drawing done just for them. You will have fun remembering all your adventures, and the person receiving the letter will be happy - since everyone loves to get mail.
Ask your adults to bring a piece of paper and some crayons the next time you go out to a restaurant or coffee shop. While you are waiting for your food, draw a beautiful picture to give your server at the end of your meal. This will be a really special surprise for him and will definitely brighten his day.
