This is where you get to add your own amazing act of kindness. We wanted to put this one right at the front of the book as it will be the most important act of kindness you complete since it will be one that comes from your heart. You can do this one first, you can do this one after you complete a number of the acts of kindness and get an idea of how this works, or you can save the best for last and have this be the 52nd act of kindness you complete. Whatever you do, we know that it will be spectacular!
Select one charity to raise money for throughout the year. Start a donation jar for this charity. Take turns keeping some money for yourself and putting some in the charity donation jar. Whichever charity you pick, remind your adults to make lots of opportunities throughout the year to talk about it. Get them to explain what the organization is doing to make the world a better place.
Make a “Welcome to the Neighbourhood” basket for a family who has just moved in. Include some cookies or muffins. Make a list of fun things to do in the neighbourhood – you could include your favourite ice cream store, movie store, the library, your favourite parks, etc. You could also include a hand drawn map. Deliver the basket to the new family’s home. Bring your whole family to deliver the basket to your new neighbours - this way everyone can be introduced.
On a cold or rainy bad weather day, draw a sunny Kindness Card for your letter carrier. You can tape this to your mailbox, or put it inside, but sticking out so it is visible. You could write something like … “Dear Letter Carrier, thanks for delivering our mail.” This will make your letter carrier’s bad weather day a bit brighter.
Bring some hula hoops to the park and share them with all the kids playing there.
If you are lucky enough to have a bookstore in your neighbourhood, you should go and visit it often. Ask your adults to go there to buy birthday presents for your friends.
Make a Kindness Card for your doctor, optometrist or dentist and deliver it when you go for your annual check up. You could write her name and then write something like … “Thank you for taking such good care of me.” I bet she will put this card up in her office.
Ask your adults to help you bring a dinner to a neighbourhood family who is going through a bit of a tough time – maybe someone in their family is suffering from an illness or recovering from an injury. If this is the case, then they are most likely full of worry and having a nice meal already prepared will give them one less thing to worry about. You could make them a casserole or a stir fry – or you could purchase a frozen lasagna at the grocery store. This will make one of their evenings a lot easier.
At the grocery store, ask your adult to read the cashier’s name tag and try to use his name at least once while he rings your order through. You can always use his name when  you say thank you at the end. If you are not sure how to pronounce his name, you can always ask. It makes people feel important when they are addressed by name. And they nearly always react with joy when a child says their name.
Ask your adults to take you to get a library card. Spending time at the library with your adults will remind you all how much joy reading can bring.